README.md, before:

# SimpleHTTP

**Very simple** client server written in Go for testing connections
from the command line. Ideal for placing into Docker images and
running in GNS3 for testing a firewalls `HTTP` configuration.

The server writes out a single line of text for each request that
details the client and page requested.

The client just performs a `HTTP GET` to the server address with a
unique request code that the server will echo back.

The two `Dockerfile`s provided have been tested with GNS3 and built
over the `gns3/ipterm:latest` image. To change the server port in
GNS3, set the environment variable `PORT` on the server container,
there is no need to expose ports.

To build the Docker images, the following commands provide a guide:
```bash
cd server
go build -o output.bin Main.go
docker build -t simple-server:latest .

cd ../client
go build -o output.bin Main.go
docker build -t simple-client:latest .
```

The included `Makefile` attempts to run the above commands to build
the docker images along with some bookkeeping of old docker images.

Copyright (c) 2018 Karim Kanso. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

1. Support for full building from Dockerfile to support Dockerhub. Resulted in migrating away from the gns3/ipterm:latest image and onto alpine:3.8 2. Changed server response to encapsulate data in json. This cleans up some of the code in client and server. 3. Client will by default add its host name to the request id to help distinguish on server when multiple clients are sending requests

README.md, after:

# SimpleHTTP

**Very simple** client server written in Go for testing connections
from the command line. Ideal for placing into Docker images and
running in GNS3 for testing a firewalls `HTTP` configuration.

The server writes out a single line of text for each request that
details the client and page requested.

The client just performs a `HTTP GET` to the server address with a
unique request code that the server will echo back. Further, the
client will check the unique code echo'ed back is the same as it
expected.

The two `Dockerfile`s provided have been tested with GNS3 and built
over a recent `alpine` image. The set of network tools include are
similar to the `gns3/ipterm` image. To change the server port in GNS3,
set the environment variable `PORT` on the server container, there is
no need to expose ports.

To build the Docker images, the following commands provide a guide:
```bash
cd server
docker build -t simple-server:latest .

cd client
docker build -t simple-client:latest .
```

The Dockerfiles will install temporarily install `golang` to compile
the client/server. It is suggested that quick tests are perfomed
outside Docker to avoid this.

Copyright (c) 2018 Karim Kanso. All Rights Reserved.
